Timelines:
    ORIGO
    The original timeline.

    ENSIS
    Emerald's timeline.
    It started when a friend of mine joked about turning me into an anime girl. I then decided to open my mouth and say that if someone drew an anime girl version of Pyrite, I would use the profile picture for 3 days, a certain someone's horny ass obliged, and after that whole thing I eventually made the anime-fied Pyrite into an actual character. Originally she was based on the idea of there being a TV show depicting an anime-esque version of one of Pyrite's past adventures, with Emerald being both the main character of and fully aware of said show. She also was the type to break the fourth wall a lot. I'm glad she ended up being not like that in the end.
    Now that I think about it, this was the very first AU Pyrite too. Damn.

    CANTO
    Pyra's timeline.
    No theme, which means this is where I can put alternate concepts for my characters.

    MALUS
    Heliotrope (Bloodstone) and Diamond's timeline.
    Bloodstone is a name that I feel mostly shame and regret about. He was supposed to be a powerful and intimidating villain, but I ended up making him more of a nuisance and an asshat than anything else. I ended up taking the whole evil thing away from him, retconning him to have actually been manipulated and sometimes fully controlled by THE BIG BAD THAT ONLY EXISTS SOMETIMES I GUESS, also known as Sal or Salami. The current version of Bloodstone, now called Heliotrope (that was his real name even when he was called Bloodstone) is a mildly solumnful character who wants to put his past behind him.

    SILEO
    The timeline that the Sileo server takes place in.
    A more normal version of the ORIGO timeline, or at least it was until Bloodstone ruined it.

    ANTAS
    Ruby (Dapper Pyrite)'s timeline.
    Not themed, so I could probably put more AU OCs in this timeline.

    BREVE
    Short Pyrite's timeline.
    Honestly, I can't even remember why I made this one. I just remember Short Pyrite being in a camp in TGS and grooving vigorously or something. Now that I think about it, he might have been in the same vein as Chibi Cobalt is in now, because both tended to reference random shit for no reason, the difference being that Short Pyrite could not talk.

    INANI
    Hollow Knight OC zone, literally only has one other OC aside from Onyx themselves, that being Mendel the Menderbug, which I made on a whim and have only used for one-off appearances to fix stuff.

    ILLUS
    Graphene/Living Art Pyrite's timeline.
    Funny enough, despite Graphene being similar to the Pokemon Kartana with his properties, he wasn't inspired by it at all. Graphene was actually inspired by a story I had about the main character (of course being me, because back then all of my stories' main characters were me) getting split into 5 different versions of themselves, among which was a living stick figure whose edges were razor-sharp. The others were nicknamed Spy, Pixel, Paper, and Defender (Defender being basically the main one and the leader of the group, and also the one I had to check a Soundtrap project file to check the name of).

    IGNIS
    Pyre's timeline.
    A timeline where everyone is an elemental of some sort. It's a pretty neat concept but I only made a version of Pyrite himself for this AU, which is a shame.

    GELID
    Arctite (Snow Pyrite)'s timeline.
    A timeline made specifically so that there was a timeline that Arctite came from.

    ARCOS
    Archerite's timeline. Archerite was another alternate idea for a Pyrite design where they followed closely in their father's footsteps and became a master marksman.

    PIXUS
    Bixbite (Video Game Pyrite)'s timeline.
    Just another timeline made to fit another AU Pyrite.

    DIVUM
    Tourmaline (Space Pyrite)'s timeline.
    Once again, made just for an AU Pyrite and nothing else.

    NORMA
    Bismuth (Human Pyrite)'s timeline.
    Honestly, this concept was kinda funny, because it was just a normal guy reacting to the chaos like an actual sane person would: with extreme caution and at some times, fear. One of these times I might want to revisit this concept.

    LODOS
    Halite (Gamer Girl Pyrite)'s timeline.
    Originally started as me making a joke about there being a gamer girl version of Pyrite, I chose a name that was literally just rock salt, and then noticed that the wikipedia article for the aforementioned rock said "Cleavage: Perfect" in the properties section. It went downhill from there.

    MONSU
    Celeste Cobalt's timeline.
    Wow, an AU made for a character that isn't a Pyrite. In all seriousness, I wish I was able to do what I wanted to do with this character, that being a whole journey of her going up the mountain, detailing her struggles and a LOT of inner monologuing. Sadly, I lost the motivation soon after coming up with the idea.
    Also, there was possibly a Celeste Pyrite for a bit in Tincab, although that could have definitely been Bixbite, just referencing Celeste, as I don't remember Celeste Cobalt being a thing at that point, much less a whole AU based on Celeste.

    VICUS
    Street Corner Pyrite's timeline. What the fuck was I even thinking when I made this? It's just a drawing of a street corner I made that I decided was an AU Pyrite. The part about him seeing through security cameras on the walls of the buildings around it was kinda neat, but other than that I'm at a loss as to what I gained from willing this into existence.

    EVOLU
    Andrew/Quartz (Eevee Pyrite)'s timeline.
    I can't even remember why his name is Andrew. Why is his name Andrew? Nonetheless, it's literally just Pyrite as a normal Eevee. There's nothing interesting or special about him, just Eevee, and that's why I think past me dropped the ball on this one. There was so much potential for a neat gimmick or a cool design and instead I said, "fuck it, we Vee" and moved on.

    MACHI
    A timeline that was kinda similar to Sileo, being a decently peaceful alternate universe that Bloodstone came to and ruined, although in this one his plans were much more successful, leading to the assimilation of most characters here into the army of brainwashed henchmen for Addie, and by extension, Bloodstone.

    FABUL
    Mica (Paper Pyrite)'s timeline.
    It may just be another Pyrite, but I like this one. He's just Pyrite but in the Paper Mario style, complete with being mute yet able to magically communicate with others, just like how I joked about it in the games.

    STULT
    Diorite (Shitpost Pyrite)'s timeline.
    Chaos incarnate and yet he chooses to run a restaurant that specializes in stale pretzels specifically. There isn't much character in this one, he's just a shitpost, and I might just keep it that way.

    SPECU
    The Mirror World from Tincab, expanded to include a 'good ending' version of Harcol, which I referred to as Mirror Harcol. I don't remember what the original thing with the Mirror World was, but I do know that Mirror Harcol did not follow its conventions in terms of making character variants for it.

    UMBRA
    The Shadow World from Tincab. Once again, I can't remember what the gimmick for this world was, although I do remember an abandoned lab there being the hangout of a group of characters that occasionally included Cobalt.
    ...I regret a lot about how I handled the whole Cobalt Reborn thing in that server.

    PAVOR
    The short-lived Horror World from Tincab. Unlike the other alternate worlds, I do remember the thing with this one: Everything was fucked up and creepy. I remember the Horror World Pyrite being some sort of massive tunneling flesh worm that magically (or through some other method, I don't know) lined the tunnels it dug with flesh. Once again, a neat concept, and this time I think I subconsciously revisited it when I came up with the idea of a burrowing flesh worm in a Rain World region concept of mine.

    VERUM
    I don't remember what this was for. Apparently verum is Latin for "truth", "reality", and "spit", among other things, so that's funky I guess.

    EXIGU
    After putting the name through a Latin translator, I have determined that this was going to be an AU for at least one of the Chibi OCs I have, likely Chibi Peter. I don't have much else to comment on for this.





00 - My characters
    00.00 - Pyrite's family
        00.00.00 - Pyrite
            Pyrite [ORIGO]
            Emerald [ENSIS]
            Pyra [CANTO]
            Heliotrope [MALUS]
            SILEO Pyrite [SILEO]
            {RETIRED} Ruby (Dapper Pyrite) [ANTAS]
            {RETIRED} Short Pyrite [BREVE]
            Onyx (Pyrite but as a Hollow Knight Vessel OC) [INANI]
            Graphene (Pyrite but as a living drawing, Kartana-adjacent) [ILLUS]
            Pyre (Elemental Pyrite) [IGNIS]
            Arctite [GELID]
            Archerite [ARCOS]
            Bixbite (Video Game Pyrite) [PIXUS]
            Tourmaline (Space Pyrite) [DIVUM]
            {RETIRED} Bismuth [NORMA]
            Halite [LODOS]
            Pyrite - Lodos Form
            {RETIRED} Street Corner Pyrite [VICUS]
            {RETIRED} "Andrew", Eevee Pyrite [EVOLU]
            {UNKNOWN} Pyrite [MACHI]
            Mica (Paper Pyrite)
            Diorite (Shitpost Pyrite)
            Mirror Harcol Pyrite
            Lunchmeat [?]

        00.00.01 - Hazel
            Hazel
            Ella (Nutella) [ENSIS]
            Detective Hazel [CANTO]
            Almond/Allie [MALUS]
            SILEO Hazel [SILEO]
            Ellie [LODOS]

        00.00.02 - Amber
            Amber
            Calcite [ENSIS]
            Amby [SILEO]

        00.00.03 - Golden
            Golden

        00.00.04 - Cream
            Cream

        00.00.05 - Perri
            Perri
            Reide [ENSIS]

        00.00.06 - Palladium
            Palladium
            Palla [ENSIS]

        00.00.07 - Wallace
            Wallace
            Willow [ENSIS]

        00.00.08 - Latte
            Latte

        00.00.09 - Cappu
            Cappu

        00.00.10 - Malachite
            Malachite

        00.00.11 - Cobalt
            Cobalt
            Aqualite [ENSIS]
            Diamond [MALUS]
            Chibi Cobalt

        00.00.12 - Coffee
            Coffee
        
        00.00.13 - Copper/Silver
            Copper/Silver
            Silvia (SILEO Copper/Silver)

        00.00.14 - Topaz
            Topaz

        00.00.15 - Orichalcum
            Orichalcum

        00.00.16 - Charlotte
            Charlotte

        00.00.17 - Crystellia
            Crystellia

        00.00.18 - Jade
            Jade

        00.00.99 - Unsorted
            Mary
            Hazel Sr.
            Jelly
            Adam
            Titan
            Gally
            Mythril



    00. - Other Harcolians
        00. .99 - Unsorted
            Flare Wick
            ????? (Mother of the Wick Family)
            ????? (Eevee)
            Shayle (Flareon)
            ????? (Jolteon)
            Shel (Vaporeon)
            ????? (Espeon/Umbreon Mix)
            Kel (Leafeon)
            Jem (Glaceon)
            ????? (Sylveon)

            Quinn
            Glacoro
            Jay
            Alice (Glacoro/Jay's mother)
            Custard
            Salami

            Aquamire Darson
            Kari Darson
            Lilly Valley
            Milly Valley
            Antonio (Anthro Drifloon)
            Chili the Skitty

            Fenn
            Carol (Fenn's mother)
            Ferlehu

            Dr. Pikachu
            Prof. Eevee
            Gilly

            Duke Ex Magearna [M1/M2]
            Alex
            Jackal (Bounty Hunter)

            Jim (Reshiram)
            ????? (Zekrom)
            Kunai (Articuno)
            ????? (Zapdos Businesswoman)
            Mace (Moltres Businessman)

            ????? (Neutral Type Arceus)
            ????? (Fire Type Arceus)
            ????? (Water Type Arceus)
            ????? (Grass Type Arceus)
            ????? (Electric Type Arceus)
            ????? (Ice Type Arceus)
            ????? (Fighting Type Arceus)
            Arkaeya The Psychic
            ????? (Poison Type Arceus)
            ????? (Ground Type Arceus)
            ????? (Rock Type Arceus)
            ????? (Flying Type Arceus)
            ????? (Bug Type Arceus)
            ????? (Ghost Type Arceus)
            ????? (Dragon Type Arceus)
            ????? (Dark Type Arceus)
            ????? (Steel Type Arceus)
            ????? (Fairy Type Arceus)

    00. - Post-Harcol, Pre-TGS era OCs
        00. .99 - Unsorted
            Dell
            Vulcan
            Darkrai
            Kecleon
            Pyrute
            The Evil Cyndaquil
            Griffin Von Byrd
            Chad
            Billingsworth Cash
            Robert (James)

    00. - Jasper Arc OCs
        00. .99 - Unsorted
            Dot
            Chungy (Dot's Furret)
            Jasper
            ????? (Dot's mother)
            Professor Acacia
            Fel (Experiment Zero)
            Pitch
            Terror
            The Third Experiment [BYPASS]
            Malice
            Jelly/Shift/Ranger
            Pseudobane
            Zenith

    00. - Rain World OCs
        00. .99 - Unsorted
            Deceptive Glowing Stones (+ Explorer)
            Heart of Metal
            The Skield
            The Augmented

            Survivor woman
            Monk woman
            Hunter woman
            Gourmand woman
            Artificer woman
            Spearmaster woman
            Rivulet woman
            Saint woman

    00. - Fragments and other Ethereal-Adjacent OCs
        00. .99 - Unsorted
            The Fragment of Sound
            Craig (The Fragment of Death)
            The Fragment of Life
            The Fragment of Light
            The Fragment of Mind
            Chroma (The Fragment of Color)
            Galaxy (The Fragment of Space)
            The Fragment of Temperature
            Joules (The Fragment of Energy)
            The Fragment of Tempo

            Nebula (Cobalt's Oneiroi)
            Aqua (Reborn Cobalt's Guardian Voice)
            Talon (Reborn Coffee's Guardian Voice)

    00. - Other Game OCs
        00. .99 - Unsorted
            Reuben (Terraria idiot)
            Felos (Terraria | The Desert Ranger)
            Beryl (Terraria | Mage)
            Green Lemon (Terraria | Mage)
            Talos, the Stealth Striker (Terraria)
            Xen, Druid of Terralon / Xen, the Accursed

            Kane (Minecraft OC)

            Zote Calico
            Erin Calico
            Vin Ven
            Zote Zeneki

            Ellis
            ????? (Anthro Lionfish)

    00. - 
        00. .99 - Unsorted

    00. - 
        00. .99 - Unsorted

    00. - Other
        00. .99 - Unsorted
            Peter (Gem Chronicles)
            Jym (Gem Chronicles)
            IRL IRP Pyrite
            Chibi Peter
            Mendel the Menderbug
            The French Duck
            The Soulwalkers
            The Friendly Soulwalkers

    
    00.99 - Unsorted
            Rogue (A Helio Bot, broken out and rebelling)
            Addie, Core of Corruption
            Radium
            Mellow
            Unknown (The Cabinet Man)
            Harmony [RETCONNED]
            Mini (Tree)
            Solstice (Boudinian, Forever Changed)
            Gank Von Campe (Unknown Sileo Character)
            Kaze (Unknown Sileo Character)
            Jared, the Chaotic One (Squirrel)
            Nekonecny (The Fractal Man)